Add GEOSEARCH/GEOSEARCHSTORE command doc and explain geo search process (#1465)
redis/redis-doc: commands/geosearchstore.md

> This command is like `GEORADIUS`, but stores the result in destination.
> 
> It supports the `WITHDIST` option, can refer to `GEORADIUS`, but no additional destination key parameter is needed because the destination key has been specified in `argv[1]`.

Reviewer: I suppose you meant to reference GEOSEARCH, not GEORADIUS, right?
```suggestion
This command is like `GEOSEARCH`, but stores the result in destination key.

By default, it stores the results in a sorted set populated with their geospatial information into the destination key.

If `STOREDIST` is provided, it stores the items in a sorted set populated with their distance from the center of the circle or box, as a floating point number, in the same unit specified for that shape.
```
